(funky tune)
So let's open up the CSS Grid repeat function.
One's that we have here and let's do a quick little grid
where we have four columns.
So how I would normally do that is something
like grid template columns 1fr, four times.
And that gives us.
Oh, I forgot one!
Four!
There we go.
That gives us four columns, each 20 pixels spaced apart.
Now what I can do instead of that is
instead of writing 1fr four times,
I just type the repeat function.
And the repeat function takes two things.
First, how many times you want to repeat it.
Four.
And what you would like to repeat, 1fr.
And that gives us the exact same thing.
What's so neat about this is, is you can actually pass it
something like 2fr.
And this is going to give us eight columns.
And that's going to alternate
between 1fr, 2fr, 1fr, 2fr, right?
Because it just takes whatever you have right here
and multiplies it by four.
So you could also throw maybe throw like an auto in here.
And that will just auto size the columns based
on their content.
You can also just mix and match it
with values that you pass in here.
So maybe I wanna start it with 100 pixels
and end it with 200 pixels.
And then inside of it I just wanna repeat this 1fr twice.
And then auto twice.
You'll see that we have one, two, three, four,
five, six columns being added.
And of course you can add more repeats on here as well.
Maybe I want to end it off with a repeat off 5fr.
And that will give us all kinds of columns.
So the repeat function can really just be used anywhere
inside of our grid template columns
or our grid template rows.
To just cut down on the amount of typing that we need to do.
(rock music)